ink + control multiple entities.

ink in terms of contract signing.

I guess you play as a kind of company, making business decisions.

also play as a different company. 

ok, so the idea is to play as multiple companies. sign contracts between them 

manage multiple mutually interacting companies working towards their own goals, but can help each other.

compare build-a-lot and candy box 2 (NOT an idle game)

workers don't generate income  on their own, but you need them to do stuff.

a mining company (exports raw materials), a computer company (exports electronics), and a space exploration company (exports know-how/advance tech tree).

each company has their own resources and cash, and must buy/sell from other companies.

player has to adjust whether to sell to general public for money, or keep raw materials to send to other companies. 

how about we make it turn-based ? (daily stuff).

end goal is to create a mining company on the moon, advance a tech tree. 

player does not choose to send contracts, it happens automatically when certain conditions are met (it will show that). sometimes it's better to refuse.

contracts are, for example: allowing purchase of resources at all, allowing purchase at cheaper prices, collaborate to develop a new technology (only with space exploration company). 

contracts that are mandatory for progress - you can change your mind, but you need criteria met to be able to accept it.

"bad" contracts are with the government (too many workers, not enough funds), 

worker allocations: what to mine? which computer parts to make? what to research

how do (mandatory) contracts work?

companies will "say" things (you can see this on their menu) to hint at requirements. Once requirements are met, the "contracts" button on the main screen will light up. Contracts whose conditions are met will be listed. Player can click to "sign" those contracts.  

2dl : 

make contract DAG (researches are at the corresponding contract vertex)
restrict adding workers unless conditions are met
add events (increase wages / decrease prices over time until it's at a loss)
do art
trade : dynamically adjust prices
add fire workers. 

completely change theme to : 

weapon smiths (miners and craftsmen combined)

hunters (hunt for stuff using weapons that the  smiths make )

explorers (find new stuff and do research on old stuff)

goal is to find and slay a dragon 

---

hunters ( acquire resources ): 

["hunt for food", "chop trees", "hunt magic birds", "kill a fire demon", "kill an ice wyvern" , "kill a lich", "acquire phoenix eggs", "acquire fairy dust", "acquire dragon skin"]



weapon smith (drain resources, ores (copper , iron , steel) are free ):


["make copper sword", "make iron sword", "make steel sword", "make steel arrowheads", "make ice sword" ,"make fire sword", "make holy sword", "make frost bow", "make arcane robes",  "make omni-enchanted sword", "make dragonhide armor" ]

---

resource names : ["food", "wood", "magic feathers", "fire spirits", "ice crystals", "orbs of darkness", "fairy dust","phoenix eggs",  "dragon skin"]

["copper swords", "iron swords", "steel swords", "steel arrowheads", "ice swords","frost bows", "fire swords", "holy swords",  "arcane robes", "omni-enchanted words", "dragonhide armor"]

[ "make some food", "explore land in the north","clear out copper mine",  "explore land in the south", "clear out iron mine","explore land in the east","fend off invaders", "clear out coal mine", "explore land in the west","grow kingdom", "research steelmaking", "research steel fletching","explore magma cave", "make deal with witches", "research elemental enchantments","explore ice cave", "make deal with angels","research holy enchantment", "open a portal to the land of the dead", "make deal with fairies", "research advanced enchantment techniques","fend off magic invaders", "explore mapped region", "research dragonhide crafting", "research dragon anatomy", "kill dragon"]

for every vertex (contract) : 

if it requires a resource, then add all of those resources


---

explorers (go on quests) : 

["explore land in the north","clear out copper mine",  "explore land in the south", "clear out iron mine","explore land in the east","clear out coal mine", "explore land in the west", "research steelmaking", "research steel fletching","explore magma cave", "research elemental enchantments","explore ice cave", "research holy enchantment", "open a portal to the land of the dead", "make deal with fairies", "research advanced enchantment techniques", "explore mapped region", "research dragonhide crafting", "research dragon anatomy", "kill dragon"]

I'll equate explorers and contracts for now. contract must be signed before the corresponding exploration quest can be undertaken. 

there are also side contracts - at some point the kingdom needs to grow. They need to make deals with witches, and so on. 

["grow kingdom", "make some food", "make deal with witches", "make deal with angels", "fend off invaders"]

bonus contracts are given a separate string (same dag, but they only have other bonuses as successors). they increase production or decrease wages

